1. D
2. D
3. B
4. C
5. B
6. C
7. B
8. B,C
9. Gini index and entropy are the criteria for calculating information gain. Decision tree algorithms use information gain to split a node.Both gini and entropy are measures 
   of impurity of a node. 
10. Random Forest is a tree-based machine learning algorithm that leverages the power of multiple decision trees for making decisions.The Random Forest Algorithm combines the
    output of multiple Decision Trees to generate the final output.
    A decision tree is simply a series of sequential decisions made to reach a specific result.It makes a series of decisions based on a set of features/attributes present in
    the data.
11. Scaling is a step of Data Pre Processing which is applied to independent variables or features of data. It basically helps to normalise the data within a particular range.
    Sometimes, it also helps in speeding up the calculations in an algorithm.
    Two techniques used for scaling are:
    1. Nominal Scales
    2. Interval Scales
12. Advantages which scaling provides in optimization using gradient descent algorithm:
    1.We can use fixed learning rate during training without worrying about learning rate decay.
    2.It has straight trajectory towards the minimum and it is guaranteed to converge in theory to the global minimum if the loss function is convex and to a local minimum if 
      the loss function is not convex.
13. NO, In highly imbalanced data the alteraton will bw more therefore we use roc-metric, precision or recall for better results.
14. The F-score is the harmonic mean of the precision and recall. The highest possible value of F is 1, indicating perfect precision and recall, and the lowest possible value is
    0, if either the precision or the recall is zero.
    Mathematical formula:
     F = 2 * (precision * recall) / (precision + recall)
15. The fit() function calculates the values of these parameters. The transform function applies the values of the parameters on the actual data and gives the normalized value.
    The fit_transform() function performs both in the same step. Note that the same value is got whether we perform in 2 steps or in a single step.
